doc: doc updates for 2.1.99-dev1 (#8837)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/index.rst

Welcome to the |NCS|!
#####################

.. important::

   |NCS| v2.1.99-dev1 is a development tag and will be replaced by v2.2.0 in the future.

>    The development tag contains the following major updates, marked as experimental:
> 
>    * Added ANT protocol support to |NCS|.

Reviewer: Since there is only one bullet point, may be this could be another option:
```suggestion
   The development tag contains the addition of ANT protocol to the |NCS| as a major update, and the feature is marked as experimental.
```
In case we are going with the existing version,
```suggestion
   The development tag contains the following major update, marked as experimental:

   * Addition of ANT protocol support to the |NCS|.
```
```
